# ShelfServe App

ShelfServeApp is a React Native mobile application designed for efficient barcode scanning and management. This app enables users to scan barcodes, store them in a CSV file, and easily download or share the file. Perfect for inventory management, retail, and warehouse operations, ShelfServeApp simplifies barcode data handling on the go.

## Features

- **Scan Product**: Quickly scan barcodes with your device's camera.
- **Download CSV**: Save the scanned barcodes as a CSV file and share or download it using the system's default dialog.
- **Restart Scanning**: Reset the scanning process and clear the stored barcode data.

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/)

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run ShelfServeApp on your local machine.

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fabianoaljava/ShelfServeApp.git
cd ShelfServeApp
```

### 2. Install Dependencies
Using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

Or using yarn:

```bash
yarn install
```

### 3. Start the Development Server

Using npm:

```bash
npm start
```

Or using yarn:

```bash
yarn start
```

This will start the Expo development server and provide you with a QR code. You can scan this QR code using the Expo Go app on your mobile device to run the application.

## Running with Expo
Install Expo CLI: If you haven't already installed the Expo CLI, run the following command:

```bash
npm install -g expo-cli
```

Start the Project: Navigate to your project directory and start the Expo development server:

```bash
expo start
```

Open the App: Use the Expo Go app on your Android or iOS device to scan the QR code generated by the Expo CLI. This will open the ShelfServeApp on your device.

## Usage
Scan Product: Tap on the "Scan Product" button to start scanning barcodes using your device's camera.

Download CSV: After scanning barcodes, tap on the "Download CSV" button to save the scanned barcodes as a CSV file. You can choose to share or save the file using the system's default dialog.

Restart Scanning: Tap on the "Restart Scanning" button to clear all scanned barcode data and start fresh.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request for any enhancements or bug fixes.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.